# BatteryDataProcessing

This repository containens data converting and processing files for regular battery testing data processing.

a battery testing usually includes 3 parts:
1. Data Ingestion
2. Data Shaping
3. Data Mining

This repository aims to the first phase __Data Ingestion__ and __Data Shaping__

# Data Ingestion

In battery testing, there usually will be various machines used. This causes the source format of tesing data may not be directly imported to DBMS.
here's 3 file formats you may meet and the related solutions.

## NDA file
NDA2CSV code : /src/NDA2CSVTest

NDA file is generated by Neware Battery's battery testing device. It uses it's own format and can only be read, export to Excel/CSV by their own software(BSDAP). 
We use UIAutomation to launch BSDAP and export data to a specified file. you can find source code at /src/NDA2CSVTest

## DAT file
DAT file is actully a TSV file with 28 rows as file head. we can easily load the DAT file via ADF with by setting dataset rowskip to 28.

## EXCEL file
the excel file usually contains 2 primary data sheet ("details","statics"), it is easy to load excel to synapse pool via ADF. 



# Data Shaping
scripts at /src/Shaping Script

Battery testing involves basic measurements collection and measurements calculation. This set of scripts does not include measurements calculation as it is usually designed by battery vendor.
Most used basic measurements are Voltage, Amp, Amp/Hour, Watt/H, they're usually presented as "v","a","amh","wmh".  Please keep in mind 1 Amp=1000 m AMP. make sure you're using correct unit translation during the data shaping.
